Color Palette
----------------
Primary Color (Deep Ocean Blue): #235B77 – Stands out, invokes a calm, natural feeling.
Accent Color (Sandy Beige): #E6D5C0 – Softens the look and feels organic.
Highlight Color (Muted Green): #7C9D89 – Adds balance and complements the coastal blue.
Background (Light Sky): #F1F5F4 – Clean and fresh, providing good contrast.
Text (Deep Navy): #1E2E3B – Dark enough to provide contrast against light backgrounds.

Hobbies
Cooking
Fishing
RPG games
learning
and many more!

Hello, there!
Andrew Sabourin
Web Dev Student
The Smokin' Oak
    Link: "https://thesmokinoakpit.com/"

About Me
Hello! My name is Andrew Sabourin, and I am a student at Clark College in Vancouver, Washington. I love the outdoors and make a point 
to go out as much as possible with my busy schedule. Through exploring my interest in computer science has led me back to Clark with a more definitive 
goal for the degree I want to pursue. After Clark depending, where I am and my options, I may either continue towards a BA in cybersecurity or jump 
into the web dev job force. I am currently working as a pit master at The Smokin' Oak.

Jobs I've had that Impacted Me
Lifeguard and Water Safety Instructor
Cabinetry
Ironworking
Retail/ Grocery
Restaurant- Back of the House

Things I Can Nerd Out to...
Philosophy
- When podcasting was fairly new Philosophize This! was one of my favorite podcasts. I have read and own
multiple versions of meditations and other philosophy books.

Culinary Arts
- Ever since I was little, I have always been fascinated by cooking and baking, I have been cooking and baking 
at home since I was able to operate an oven. After a while I decided to work at a restaurant started as a dishwasher and worked 
my through to pit master at a Texas style barbeque restaurant. 

Outdoors Activities
- I love to be outdoors, fly fishing, hiking, backpacking, foraging and many other activities. I have backpack all over the 
Gifford Pinchot National Forest and have been stuck on a ridge with a friend for 20+ hours. 

Anime
- It all started with Toonami on Cartoon Network with Inuyasha, dragon ball Z, and Mobile Suit Gundam Wing. Since then it has 
expanded to many great anime shows like One Piece and Black Clover. 

