Assignment No. 5 Snippet File

CTEC 122: HTML Fundamentals - 2024

Course Description

Introduction to website development through the mastery of the fundamentals of HTML5, and CSS coding. Intended to give the student the basic skills required to develop web pages. A website will be developed in compliance with current web and accessibility standards, practices, and usability. Topics include HTML5 and CSS3, web server organization and structure, code editors, semantic markup, responsive web design, images, links, lists, forms, tables, best practices and code validation.


Course Outcomes

Demonstrate competency with HTML elements including semantic markup, links, lists, forms, tables, and images.

Demonstrate the ability to apply CSS selectors, declarations, properties and values to change the display of HTML structured content.

Create a multi-page website which is easy to navigate and complies with web standards and universal design principles.

Demonstrate the ability to include JavaScript code snippets into HTML pages.

Research and demonstrate knowledge of up-to-date web standards, CSS, HTML, and basics of HTML5 beyond those topics covered in the course.


Course Terminology

Accessibility
An inclusive practice of designing and developing websites and web content in a way that allows individuals with disabilities to perceive, navigate, interact with, and contribute to the web effectively
			
HTML
Hypertext Markup Language

CSS
Cascading Style Sheet

Visual Studio Code
Microsoft Code editor Used in this class

WCAG
Web Content Accessibility Guidelines


Web Development AAT Degree

Learn more about the Web Development AAT that Clark College offers.
Link for "Learn more": http://www.clark.edu/academics/programs/science-technology-and-engineering/web-dev/


Schedule

Online Section - Does not meet
Remote Section Monday and Wednesday from 2:00 - 3:50 PM on Zoom


Meet the Instructor

Bruce Elgort B.E, M.S.
Instructor
Computer Technology Department
Clark College, Vancouver, WA
Phone: (360) 992-2951


Professional Awards and Certifications
IBM Champion for AI and Cloud
AWS Faculty Cloud Ambassador
Two-Time Recipient of the Exceptional Faculty Award
Microsoft Certified Professional
Industry Badges
Link for Industry Badges: https://www.youracclaim.com/users/bruce-elgort/badges


&copy; 2024 by Clark College CTEC 122 Student